>> Brian Holt: We just built a rotating
image gallery, so that's really cool.
However as you might imagine, after
browsing the Internet for a little bit,
lots of people have already
solved this problem.
We haven't invented some
wonderful new UI pattern here.
So in light of that,
there's lots of people that are actually
really happy to share their code with you.
So that's what's really cool about
the JavaScript community, and current
programming community in general, is we
like to share our code with each other.
I'm gonna give you my code if I can
use the code that you write as well.
So we're gonna use one called Swiper.
So let's actually just
open Swiper's websites.
Swiper super swiper.
So I have it up here.
>> Brian Holt: You can probably
just Google for Swiper JS, and
it's gonna be this top one right there.
>> Brian Holt: So Swiper,
most modern mobile touch slider.
That's a lot of words.
But what's cool about is,
I can actually click and drag this, and
it just goes back, and
forth just like this.
We get really cool image
galleries like that.
>> Brian Holt: So as you can see,
this is slightly more
complicated than what we built.
[LAUGH] But there's nothing to say that
you couldn't build this, just you would
need a little bit more time and a little
bit no more know how with CSS animations.
Me too, right.
Building these tilt animations is kind
of a unfun exercise in my opinion.
Still, depends on who you ask.
So I want to show you how that you
would go grab someone else's code off
the Internet and
integrate it into your own project, right.
It feels a little bit like cheating,
right.
Because I get all this
really cool stuff happening,
but I didn't have to write most of it.
It's not cheating, this is actually
what you're supposed to do.
>> Brian Holt: So I'm gonna go in and
actually create another
new directory here.
Cuz I don't wanna overwrite this
gallery one that I wrote, so
I'm gonna create a new folder here.
And I'm gonna call it gallery two,
or something like that.